
Wocuments is an experimental take on how documents could be handled, aiming to replace the
antiquated approach chosen by office suites. Essentially, wocuments are self-editable Web
documents. They contain both the data and the code necessary to edit it, all inside a simple
package. They make use of traditional Web technologies, with just a couple APIs thrown in
so that the content may be persisted. After a wocument has been edited, you can copy it to
a key, email it over, everything that you can normally do with a document — and it'll just
work.

This approach is resolutely NOT cloud-based. Not everything should be in the cloud.

An infinite number of document types can be created, from rich text or structured editors to
vector or raster graphics, from charts to databases — anything you can do using Web technology
works.

The experimental implementation is built using Mozilla Chromeless, which is itself experimental.
Use at your own risk.


INSTALLATION

First, you will need my own customised fork of Chromeless which contains some additional 
functionality (Zip archives and opening windows):

    https://github.com/darobin/chromeless

Then you will need to this code. The simplest is probably to just git clone it.

In order to run it then from inside the chromeless directory just do:

    ./chromeless path/to/wocuments/app/index.html

And the application will show up. You can also do:

    ./chromeless appify path/to/wocuments/app/index.html

That will produce an application for your platform that you can use in the regular way.


USAGE

Everything in Wocuments is currently extremely crude. Click "Open" to open a wocument. That's
about all that you can do. In order to quit you will need to close all open windows.

IMPORTANT NOTE: there is currently a bug such that if you save data inside a wocument and close it,
*in some cases* you won't be able to reopen it right away. You will first need to quit and restart 
Wocuments. The data is saved successfully nevertheless. This bug is exhibited in the "basic-save-value"
example but not in "simple-rich-text".


WOCUMENTS

If you look inside the examples directory you will see some wocuments, recognisable by their
.woc extension. The code for them is right next to them as well.

Wocuments are just zipped Web content, with two important conventions:

  1) there must be an entry called index.html at the root of the archive OR the root of the archive
     must contain only one directory, which itself must contain an index.html. Otherwise nothing
     will load;

  2) data is saved to a "data" directory that lives at the same level as index.html.

Anything else is done whichever way you feel like doing. The console prints to STDERR. There's a
little ruby script that packs the examples, but as you can see from the source it's not really
rocket neurosurgery.

